### Auto Consult Letter Creation
#### How to Use
Install Python libraries via `pip install -r requirements.txt`
#### Generate a consult letter
If you just want to generate a consult letter based on any arbituray SOAP note. 
1. Go to test_response.py, copy SOAP note to the create_consult_letter function.
2. Run test_response.py and the generated letter will be printed inside terminal
#### Testing
1. Go launcher_test_consult_letter.py
2. Select how many times you want to test the output by modifying range()
2. The output will be the number of times the generated consult_letter passes the test and the number of times it fails the test. If it fails, it will also print out reasons for failing.
- **Note.** This test works only with the current input. 
#### Experimental features
1. Go to launcher_comprehensive_test.py
2. Modify SOAP note
3. Run launcher_comprehensive_test.py
4. The output will be a letter that is modified by ChatGPT based on feedback generated by ChatGPT
- **Note.** This is still in development, generated result is not as good as using test_response.py

#### Implementation choices
- In order to achieve a stable format. The prompt includes clear intruction as to what information each paragraph should contain. This serves as a outline for GPT to align to.
- Prior to giving GPT this instruction about the outline, information received from the SOAP note is parsed and passed in section by section. 
    -  DOCTOR INFORMATION
    -  PATIENT INFORMATION 
    -  CLINICAL DETAILS
    -  MISSING INFO: This includes any information missing from the note_content
- In order for GPT to better understand note_content, it is modified into formatted_content
- For some reason GPT insist on referring to the family doctor by the name of the specialist, so explicit prompt GPT not to do that solves this problem